https://codepen.io/davidmmolinari/pen/oNgMwqW?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML?
Semantic HTML is how we provide meaning to ouor content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Creating web pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes provide additional information about an element, to make them more useful. Inside the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is generally used for the page title or the most important info. Probably just once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img and input
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Title
    7. What is an id?
A selector
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
single elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
    10. What is a class? 
A selector
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
single or groups of elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
multiple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank" in start tag of anchor
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
An alt attribute specifies an alternative text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
section is a semantic tag and div is not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
to style web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can specificy multiple elements, while an id just one. If I wanted many things to have the same style, class could be used. id is used to alter one thing in it's own style.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
a parent child selector selects the child elements of a parent element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div .sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element, for exambe - hover.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border-style: dotted;
border-width: 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
//
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm ... permanent
    34. Why should I use version control? 
to track changes and collaborate
    35. How often should I commit to github?
about every 20 min, or any big change
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u orginin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
create your own repo (Fork)
add TL as collaborator
clone your repo
cd into new repo
create branch for repo
work on project
add, commit, and push changes
submit pull request with TL as reviewer

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
inline elements will show changes in line, while block element will create a new block
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 



   --> 